# Image-Encryption
In the medical field, some of the applications like e-health, smart health, etc which are based on advanced techniques are in use. These techniques will be used to transmit the digital medical image via open-source networks. The digital medical image will be containing confidential and sensitive information of patients. Those transmitted digital medical images are used for the diagnosis in the remote center. Hence, providing security and maintaining the confidentiality of the medical image is a major apprehension. So, DNA cryptography and dual hyper chaotic map techniques are proposed to provide high level security.

The digital medical image requires more computational time. To reduce this computational time, the selective digital medical image encryption algorithm is proposed. The permutation and diffusion process are performed on selected pixels of digital medical images. DNA encoding rules are used to construct the DNA structure for digital medical images used. The cipher image is attained by using all DNA decoding rules based on the pixel value of the digital medical image. But, this will only performs encryption only on the selected pixels of the medical image. So, there will be a chance to loss the sensitive information related to the patients. This existing system will also takes high computational time for processing. So, these are the major disadvantages of the existing system.

So, we are proposing Genetic Algorithm which will provide high-level security and also reduces the computational time.
